Improve the speed of writing TiDB by batching the SQL execution (#7691)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/configuration-vocabulary.md

| - | - | metadataQueryMaxSize | The maximum size of metadata per query. | SW_STORAGE_H2_QUERY_MAX_SIZE | 5000 |
| - | - | maxSizeOfArrayColumn | Some entities (e.g. trace segments) include the logic column with multiple values. In H2, we use multiple physical columns to host the values: e.g. change column_a with values [1,2,3,4,5] to `column_a_0 = 1, column_a_1 = 2, column_a_2 = 3 , column_a_3 = 4, column_a_4 = 5`. | SW_STORAGE_MAX_SIZE_OF_ARRAY_COLUMN | 20 |
| - | - | numOfSearchableValuesPerTag | In a trace segment, this includes multiple spans with multiple tags. Different spans may have the same tag key, e.g. multiple HTTP exit spans all have their own `http.method` tags. This configuration sets the limit on the maximum number of values for the same tag key. | SW_STORAGE_NUM_OF_SEARCHABLE_VALUES_PER_TAG | 2 |

> | - | - | maxSizeOfBatchSql | The maximum size of execute batch sql per execute sql | SW_STORAGE_MAX_SIZE_OF_BATCH_SQL | 100 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| - | - | maxSizeOfBatchSql | The maximum size of batch size of SQL execution | SW_STORAGE_MAX_SIZE_OF_BATCH_SQL | 100 |
```

Please apply this to other comments and documents too.

Author: ok.done
